Dear Colleague,<br>
We've been observing some periodic variations in the orbital pattern of Jupiter and would like to share with you our findings.

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Date
! Deviation: Latitude
! Deviation: Longitude
|-
| 13/09/21
| +0.03
| +0.02
|-
| 17/09/21
| +0.02
| +0.04
|-
| 22/09/21
| 0.00
| +0.05
|-
| 27/9/21
| -0.01
| +0.03
|-
| 01/10/21
| -0.05
| +0.01
|-
| 05/10/21
| -0.04
| -0.01
|}
<br>
We think there may be another group racing to publish similar findings. We would love for you to be a part of ''Peer-to-Peer Reviewing'' this report, and to verify the date at which you saw this document.
<br>

Thank you for your help! <br>
<br>
Kindest Regards,<br>
Aqua Scientific

<br>
<hr>
<br>

* First, please verify the data and changes using the '''[https://github.com/inblockio/VerifyPage Data Accounting Extension]''' once you have installed it.
** Click on the extension in the top right corner, and then click on ''Verify Page''
** You should see the history of edits and that the integrity of the page has been verified
* Once you have reviewed, please ''sign it with your digital signature''
** You can do this by clicking on '''Sign 🔑''' on this page in your PKC, in the dropdown to the right of ''Edit''
**Follow the instructions in the MetaMask popup to sign the page with your web wallet.

<br>
<hr>
<br>

* Go to '''[[Special:Witness|Domain Snapshot Generator]]''' in your ''PKC'', and click on ''Generate Domain Snapshot''.
** This will generate an anonymous hash of the state of your database, verifying that our document ''Interactive Tutorial - New Observations on Jupiter'' was present there at this time.

* Then, go to '''[[Special:WitnessPublisher|Domain Snapshot Publisher]]''' and click ''Publish'' next to the newly generated ''Domain Snapshot''
** Follow the steps on MetaMask in order to publish this Domain Snapshot hash to the Ethereum Blockchain, and prove immutably that you saw this document from us first.
** Once you have published this to the blockchain, you can click the link to view it on Etherscan.

* Finally, please go to '''[[Special:Export|Export Verified Page]]''' in your PKC, and use the dialogue there to export ''Interactive Tutorial - New Observations on Jupiter'' as an .xml file
** This new file includes your signature, please email it to ''tutorial_aqua@inblock.io'' and we will add it to the ''Peer-to-Peer Review'' in progress.
<br><br>
